Please enter a training set size (a positive multiple of 250 that is <= 1000): 1000
Please enter a training increment (either 10, 25, or 50): 50

Loading Property Information from file.
Loading Data from database.

Collecting set of 1000 training examples.

Running with 50 examples in training set.

Given current tree, there are 4395 correct classifications
out of 4644 possible (a success rate of 94.6586 percent).

Running with 100 examples in training set.

Given current tree, there are 4568 correct classifications
out of 4644 possible (a success rate of 98.3847 percent).

Running with 150 examples in training set.

Given current tree, there are 4589 correct classifications
out of 4644 possible (a success rate of 98.8370 percent).

Running with 200 examples in training set.

Given current tree, there are 4567 correct classifications
out of 4644 possible (a success rate of 98.3631 percent).

Running with 250 examples in training set.

Given current tree, there are 4589 correct classifications
out of 4644 possible (a success rate of 98.8370 percent).

Running with 300 examples in training set.

Given current tree, there are 4602 correct classifications
out of 4644 possible (a success rate of 99.1170 percent).

Running with 350 examples in training set.

Given current tree, there are 4565 correct classifications
out of 4644 possible (a success rate of 98.3201 percent).

Running with 400 examples in training set.

Given current tree, there are 4613 correct classifications
out of 4644 possible (a success rate of 99.3539 percent).

Running with 450 examples in training set.

Given current tree, there are 4607 correct classifications
out of 4644 possible (a success rate of 99.2246 percent).

Running with 500 examples in training set.

Given current tree, there are 4630 correct classifications
out of 4644 possible (a success rate of 99.7200 percent).

Running with 550 examples in training set.

Given current tree, there are 4602 correct classifications
out of 4644 possible (a success rate of 99.1170 percent).

Running with 600 examples in training set.

Given current tree, there are 4603 correct classifications
out of 4644 possible (a success rate of 99.1385 percent).

Running with 650 examples in training set.

Given current tree, there are 4599 correct classifications
out of 4644 possible (a success rate of 99.0523 percent).

Running with 700 examples in training set.

Given current tree, there are 4630 correct classifications
out of 4644 possible (a success rate of 99.7200 percent).

Running with 750 examples in training set.

Given current tree, there are 4612 correct classifications
out of 4644 possible (a success rate of 99.3323 percent).

Running with 800 examples in training set.

Given current tree, there are 4607 correct classifications
out of 4644 possible (a success rate of 99.2246 percent).

Running with 850 examples in training set.

Given current tree, there are 4604 correct classifications
out of 4644 possible (a success rate of 99.1600 percent).

Running with 900 examples in training set.

Given current tree, there are 4615 correct classifications
out of 4644 possible (a success rate of 99.3969 percent).

Running with 950 examples in training set.

Given current tree, there are 4607 correct classifications
out of 4644 possible (a success rate of 99.2246 percent).

Running with 1000 examples in training set.

Given current tree, there are 4605 correct classifications
out of 4644 possible (a success rate of 99.1816 percent).

        ----------
        Statistics
        ----------

Training set size: 50.  Success:  94.6586 percent.
Training set size: 100.  Success:  98.3847 percent.
Training set size: 150.  Success:  98.8370 percent.
Training set size: 200.  Success:  98.3631 percent.
Training set size: 250.  Success:  98.8370 percent.
Training set size: 300.  Success:  99.1170 percent.
Training set size: 350.  Success:  98.3201 percent.
Training set size: 400.  Success:  99.3539 percent.
Training set size: 450.  Success:  99.2246 percent.
Training set size: 500.  Success:  99.7200 percent.
Training set size: 550.  Success:  99.1170 percent.
Training set size: 600.  Success:  99.1385 percent.
Training set size: 650.  Success:  99.0523 percent.
Training set size: 700.  Success:  99.7200 percent.
Training set size: 750.  Success:  99.3323 percent.
Training set size: 800.  Success:  99.2246 percent.
Training set size: 850.  Success:  99.1600 percent.
Training set size: 900.  Success:  99.3969 percent.
Training set size: 950.  Success:  99.2246 percent.
Training set size: 1000.  Success:  99.1816 percent.