Please enter a training set size (a positive multiple of 250 that is <= 1000): 250
Please enter a training increment (either 10, 25, or 50): 10

Loading Property Information from file.
Loading Data from database.

Collecting set of 250 training examples.

Running with 10 examples in training set.

Given current tree, there are 5030 correct classifications
out of 5394 possible (a success rate of 93.2691 percent).

Running with 20 examples in training set.

Given current tree, there are 5094 correct classifications
out of 5394 possible (a success rate of 94.4558 percent).

Running with 30 examples in training set.

Given current tree, there are 5306 correct classifications
out of 5394 possible (a success rate of 98.3868 percent).

Running with 40 examples in training set.

Given current tree, there are 5273 correct classifications
out of 5394 possible (a success rate of 97.7749 percent).

Running with 50 examples in training set.

Given current tree, there are 5308 correct classifications
out of 5394 possible (a success rate of 98.4239 percent).

Running with 60 examples in training set.

Given current tree, there are 5306 correct classifications
out of 5394 possible (a success rate of 98.3868 percent).

Running with 70 examples in training set.

Given current tree, there are 5306 correct classifications
out of 5394 possible (a success rate of 98.3868 percent).

Running with 80 examples in training set.

Given current tree, there are 5308 correct classifications
out of 5394 possible (a success rate of 98.4239 percent).

Running with 90 examples in training set.

Given current tree, there are 5273 correct classifications
out of 5394 possible (a success rate of 97.7749 percent).

Running with 100 examples in training set.

Given current tree, there are 5306 correct classifications
out of 5394 possible (a success rate of 98.3868 percent).

Running with 110 examples in training set.

Given current tree, there are 5341 correct classifications
out of 5394 possible (a success rate of 99.0358 percent).

Running with 120 examples in training set.

Given current tree, there are 5273 correct classifications
out of 5394 possible (a success rate of 97.7749 percent).

Running with 130 examples in training set.

Given current tree, there are 5306 correct classifications
out of 5394 possible (a success rate of 98.3868 percent).

Running with 140 examples in training set.

Given current tree, there are 5306 correct classifications
out of 5394 possible (a success rate of 98.3868 percent).

Running with 150 examples in training set.

Given current tree, there are 5273 correct classifications
out of 5394 possible (a success rate of 97.7749 percent).

Running with 160 examples in training set.

Given current tree, there are 5308 correct classifications
out of 5394 possible (a success rate of 98.4239 percent).

Running with 170 examples in training set.

Given current tree, there are 5306 correct classifications
out of 5394 possible (a success rate of 98.3868 percent).

Running with 180 examples in training set.

Given current tree, there are 5273 correct classifications
out of 5394 possible (a success rate of 97.7749 percent).

Running with 190 examples in training set.

Given current tree, there are 5273 correct classifications
out of 5394 possible (a success rate of 97.7749 percent).

Running with 200 examples in training set.

Given current tree, there are 5308 correct classifications
out of 5394 possible (a success rate of 98.4239 percent).

Running with 210 examples in training set.

Given current tree, there are 5306 correct classifications
out of 5394 possible (a success rate of 98.3868 percent).

Running with 220 examples in training set.

Given current tree, there are 5306 correct classifications
out of 5394 possible (a success rate of 98.3868 percent).

Running with 230 examples in training set.

Given current tree, there are 5341 correct classifications
out of 5394 possible (a success rate of 99.0358 percent).

Running with 240 examples in training set.

Given current tree, there are 5273 correct classifications
out of 5394 possible (a success rate of 97.7749 percent).

Running with 250 examples in training set.

Given current tree, there are 5341 correct classifications
out of 5394 possible (a success rate of 99.0358 percent).

        ----------
        Statistics
        ----------

Training set size: 10.  Success:  93.2691 percent.
Training set size: 20.  Success:  94.4558 percent.
Training set size: 30.  Success:  98.3868 percent.
Training set size: 40.  Success:  97.7749 percent.
Training set size: 50.  Success:  98.4239 percent.
Training set size: 60.  Success:  98.3868 percent.
Training set size: 70.  Success:  98.3868 percent.
Training set size: 80.  Success:  98.4239 percent.
Training set size: 90.  Success:  97.7749 percent.
Training set size: 100.  Success:  98.3868 percent.
Training set size: 110.  Success:  99.0358 percent.
Training set size: 120.  Success:  97.7749 percent.
Training set size: 130.  Success:  98.3868 percent.
Training set size: 140.  Success:  98.3868 percent.
Training set size: 150.  Success:  97.7749 percent.
Training set size: 160.  Success:  98.4239 percent.
Training set size: 170.  Success:  98.3868 percent.
Training set size: 180.  Success:  97.7749 percent.
Training set size: 190.  Success:  97.7749 percent.
Training set size: 200.  Success:  98.4239 percent.
Training set size: 210.  Success:  98.3868 percent.
Training set size: 220.  Success:  98.3868 percent.
Training set size: 230.  Success:  99.0358 percent.
Training set size: 240.  Success:  97.7749 percent.
Training set size: 250.  Success:  99.0358 percent.